fellow Spartans welcome and so today
credit assembly have begun a new
miniseries for total war warhammer
titled introducing where they will take
a look at some of the most spectacular
battlefield units in total war war
hammer and the first of them was about
the Democrats and I've got to admit I
was incredibly impressed with this video
these Democrats look phenomenal these
are as well actual in-game models and so
the detail on them is fantastic and of
course with these being part lion part
Eagle they seem to have captured the
elegance of this creature beautifully
and so I can imagine when they're in
full charge on the battlefield the
animations will expect hackulo with that
kind of graceful sort of gallop or
stride that they will have to them so as
we can see the Democrats are smaller and
have no wings compared to the larger
Griffin's ie deathclaw which of course
called Friends rides on now I thought
primarily these would act as a sort of
shock cavalry unit but now I'm thinking
about it a bit more they could be a lot
more versatile than that and actually
offer the player even more so they could
still have that initial shock to them
when they charge which of course will
cause a huge amount of fear to the enemy
but once you've engaged because of their
thick armor they will be extremely
resilient and hold out for long periods
of time in drawn-out combat you know
using their combination of claws and
beaks and as well as that the elite
Knights who ride on them rocks so good
indeed here they're fantastic medi will
look they've got to them remind me a lot
of the striking suits of armor at nights
for example war in medieval Europe and
in particular to the reference to that
is healed of Warwick the kingmaker some
people would know him as and he wore a
swan or how you had a swan on the top of
his helmet so
that does remind me a bit of these
nights in warhammer but they have
splendidly captured that elite aspect of
the unit so I get the feeling these will
be a later game unit perhaps or even a
special unit which you can only recruit
a certain number of them given their
rarity but it'd be very interesting to
see as well how clave assembly capture
the impact of these charges by units of
this nature you know when they collide
and launch themselves into the enemy
lines but yeah the initial animations
look splendid but of course we will get
a better chance to see this all in
action on Friday this Friday there's
something to July as they will be
launching the in engine trailer which I
cannot wait for hopefully it will
contain the Battle of black fire pass
which of course they showed to
journalists etc behind closed doors at
e3 but anyway guys there you have it I'm
really impressed with what I saw today
can't wait for Friday and also what are
the units they will cover in this new
miniseries but of course let me know
your thoughts down below and if you're
excited for what's coming and of course
what you thought about this trailer
today but that's it guys so thanks for
watching but until next time this is why
your spotter for now saying farewell
I